all right we're going to demonstrate how
to trim a lower model using a basic
model trimmer remember to turn the water
on both the water at the back of the
wall the main water source as well as
the flow knob to a decent rate so that
it doesn't get embedded inside the
grooves on the wheel
you want to make sure that your model
has been soaked in water and the first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to trim the back portion or the heels of
the model and then stand it up on this
table here and make sure that it is
straight so that everything else that we
trim is straight along with it so
trimming the deals first
I apply even pressure on both sides not
favoring one side of the other and place
it against the grinding wheel make sure
that is stable at all times laying it on
the grinding table provided with the
grinding disk or machine make sure that
it's standing up and that it is even at
this point you place your fingers on the
occlusal surfaces of the feet in advance
the model torch the disk to grind the
bottom portion of the model your gloves
should be fairly tight and not loose so
as to get top down in between the table
and the grinding wheel find even
pressure on both sides or a thumb on
both sides you're going to push it into
the table
you'll see it's starting to grind off
the bottom of the model very evenly in
uniformly
the more pressure you apply the quicker
it will grind off
and then you can trim the sides by
either placing it on the table and
advancing it towards the disc now it's
hard to see the buckle side of the teeth
from here so you may want to tilt the
model but make sure that you have a good
grip on the model when you do so
and that is about as rough a trim as we
want on our models and then you'll just
rinse it off after this